CURRICULUM VITAE

Name:            Priya Nandakumar-Demo
Address:         22 Test Lane, Eastshire, ES2 0XX (Demo)
Telephone:       0000 555 0142
Email:           priya.nandakumar@example.test
Professional registration: not applicable

PERSONAL PROFILE
Database administrator working in a community health trust. I look after the databases that
hold appointment, referral and bed-management data and I take pride in keeping them safe,
fast and available for clinical staff.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Eastshire Community Health Trust (Demo)                      April 2018 to present
Database Administrator (Band 6)
Duties: Responsible for the administration and performance tuning of 45 Oracle and SQL Server
databases that support patient administration, referrals and reporting. Plan and carry out
upgrades, backup and recovery tests and disaster recovery exercises. Write PowerShell and
shell scripts to automate checks. Investigate slow queries with clinical system suppliers and
advise on indexing and schema changes. Work with the Information Governance team so that
access to patient data follows GDPR and Trust policy. Act as incident lead for database
outages out of hours on a shared rota.

Eastshire Community Health Trust (Demo)                      August 2014 to March 2018
Systems Support Officer (Band 5)
Duties: First and second line support for clinical applications. Created user accounts,
ran daily database jobs and prepared management reports using SQL. Supported the move of
the appointment system to a new Oracle platform and wrote the user guides.

QUALIFICATIONS
BSc (Hons) Information Systems, University of Eastshire (Demo), 2011 - 2014
A levels: Mathematics, Physics, Business Studies

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATES
Oracle Certified Professional (OCP) - Oracle, 2021
Microsoft Certified: Azure Database Administrator Associate (DP-300) - 2022
PRINCE2 Foundation - exam booked for 12 November 2026
Mandatory training: Information Governance, Fire Safety, Safeguarding (renewed annually)

RECOGNITION
Trust Staff Recognition Award, 2022, for the zero-downtime migration of the appointment system

SUPPORTING INFORMATION
I am committed to the values of the Trust: care, respect, teamwork. I am comfortable working
with non-technical colleagues and explaining technical problems clearly.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Oracle Database, Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, PostgreSQL, database administration,
performance tuning, PowerShell, Bash, GDPR

REFEREES
Mr. David Samplewood, Head of Digital Services, Eastshire Community Health Trust (Demo)
Mrs. Joanna Testfield, Clinical Systems Manager, Eastshire Community Health Trust (Demo)
